Tropicana 2.0
Published on January 12, 2009.
While I was grocery shopping last week, I noticed something incredibly awesome.
Tropicana (my oj of choice) had changed the design of their box!
Now, I liked the old design, but it really was looking a bit 2008.
The new one looks really sweet.
I like how the orange juice is displayed in some kind of pseudo wine-glass that no one would ever really drink orange juice in.
You can’t see from the picture, but the glass also runs along the other side of the box as well.
Also, kudos to whoever decided to stick the leaves next to the orange cap, making it look like an orange! So genius.
I also really like the logo.
Just a simple font in one color, no gradients.
New Tropicana box designer: I salute you!